--------------------------------------Introduction of Git and Github----------------------------------------------------

First of all learned about what is Git: It is a version control system which hels us to manage and monitor all our files and folders and also allows us to share it among our team members.
CVS, SVN are other example of version control tool.

After installtion of Git on laptop, I generated a new SSH key which provides us security, someone having SSH key can only modify the code.
It uses SHA1 hash algorithm for key generation. To add extra security we can add passphrase to SSH key, so that if one get the SSh key, he cannot access your documents.

Repository:
Repository can be considerd as a folder where one will have all the files of your project with different versions.
There are 2 type of repository:
			1. Bare Repository: where no one can add or modify any file
			2. Non bare Repository: where any one can modify or make any changes and alos can create new versions


Branch: branch is basically an indepedent workplace where one can work on diiferent  task of same project.

Commands:
To  intialize a repository
	git init--it will create .git folder will contains all necessary details of repository.
For configuration of email and name
	git config --global user.name="chandni2310"
	git config --global user.email="17it060@charusat.edu.in"
To add file to staging area
	git add l1.txt
To add all files
	git add .
To clone repository to local computer
	git clone url
Checking status  
	git status--it will return the status which includes any new or modified file in repository
To commit the files
	git commit -m "adding files"
	git commit -a
Push command
	git push origin main--it will send any changes made on local machine to repository
	git push all--send changes made by all branches to repository
Fetch 
	git fetch--it retrives commits, references and files from remote repository
	               it let you see what everyone else has done in repository
Checkout
	git checkout [branchname]--checkout basically means switching between different branches
Merge
	git merge [branchname]
Rollback/Revert
	git reset --hard--to rollback everything until last commit
To check the log history
	git log
	git log [filename]--to check log of certain file or directory
For help
	git command --help
	
	





 